ee/taltech/team24backend/security/UserSessionHolder.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.security.UserSessionHolder
ee/taltech/team24backend/security/JwtRequestFilter.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.security.JwtRequestFilter
a_theory/question6/vineyard/Wine.java
 a_theory.question6.vineyard.Wine
c_theory/question14/phones/App.java
 c_theory.question14.phones.App
ee/taltech/team24backend/MoviesApplicationInit.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.MoviesApplicationInit
ee/taltech/team24backend/Team24backendApplication.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.Team24backendApplication
c_theory/question14/phones/PhonesController.java
 c_theory.question14.phones.PhonesController
ee/taltech/team24backend/security/SecurityConfig.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.security.SecurityConfig
c_theory/question14/lessons/Lesson.java
 c_theory.question14.lessons.Lesson
ee/taltech/team24backend/security/Roles.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.security.Roles
c_theory/question13/MaterialDesign.java
 c_theory.question13.MaterialDesign
ee/taltech/team24backend/security/JwtConfig.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.security.JwtConfig
ee/taltech/team24backend/apiProcessing/Ratings.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.apiProcessing.Ratings
ee/taltech/team24backend/dto/UserDto.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.dto.UserDto
ee/taltech/team24backend/repository/CommentRepository.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.repository.CommentRepository
a_theory/question6/chocolate/Cake.java
 a_theory.question6.chocolate.Cake
 a_theory.question6.chocolate.Cake$Size
 a_theory.question6.chocolate.Cake$Sweetness
b_theory/question11/Nr3isL.java
 b_theory.question11.Nr3isL
c_theory/question14/blogs/Blog.java
 c_theory.question14.blogs.Blog
a_theory/question3/Parrot.java
 a_theory.question3.Animal
 a_theory.question3.Parrot
ee/taltech/team24backend/exceptions/UserException.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.exceptions.UserException
ee/taltech/team24backend/dto/authDto/LoginResponse.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.dto.authDto.LoginResponse
 ee.taltech.team24backend.dto.authDto.LoginResponse$LoginResponseBuilder
ee/taltech/team24backend/service/UserService.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.service.UserService
ee/taltech/team24backend/exceptions/CommentNotFoundException.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.exceptions.CommentNotFoundException
c_theory/question14/chairs/Chair.java
 c_theory.question14.chairs.Chair
c_theory/question14/blogs/BlogsController.java
 c_theory.question14.blogs.BlogsController
a_theory/question6/art/ArtCollector.java
 a_theory.question6.art.ArtCollector
ee/taltech/team24backend/dto/authDto/LoginDto.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.dto.authDto.LoginDto
ee/taltech/team24backend/dto/MovieDto.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.dto.MovieDto
b_theory/question11/Nr2isO.java
 b_theory.question11.CubeVolCalc
 b_theory.question11.Nr2isO
 b_theory.question11.SphereVolCalc
 b_theory.question11.VolumeCalc
ee/taltech/team24backend/controller/CommentController.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.controller.CommentController
ee/taltech/team24backend/model/User.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.model.User
ee/taltech/team24backend/service/LoginService.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.service.LoginService
a_theory/question3/Abstraction.java
 a_theory.question3.Abstraction
b_theory/question8/CD.java
 b_theory.question8.CD
ee/taltech/team24backend/repository/UsersRepository.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.repository.UsersRepository
ee/taltech/team24backend/apiProcessing/PlotOutline.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.apiProcessing.PlotOutline
ee/taltech/team24backend/apiProcessing/Image.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.apiProcessing.Image
ee/taltech/team24backend/configuration/SwaggerConfig.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.configuration.SwaggerConfig
ee/taltech/team24backend/model/Movie.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.model.Movie
ee/taltech/team24backend/security/RestAuthenticationEntryPoint.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.security.RestAuthenticationEntryPoint
c_theory/question14/lessons/LessonsController.java
 c_theory.question14.lessons.LessonsController
a_theory/question2/Gradle.java
 a_theory.question2.Gradle
b_theory/question11/FirstReadMeSOLID.java
 b_theory.question11.FirstReadMeSOLID
a_theory/question1/Compilation.java
 a_theory.question1.Compilation
ee/taltech/team24backend/model/Comment.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.model.Comment
a_theory/question4/DependencyInjection.java
 a_theory.question4.DependencyInjection
ee/taltech/team24backend/exceptions/MovieNotFoundException.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.exceptions.MovieNotFoundException
ee/taltech/team24backend/apiProcessing/Title.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.apiProcessing.Title
ee/taltech/team24backend/dto/CommentDto.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.dto.CommentDto
ee/taltech/team24backend/service/MovieService.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.service.MovieService
ee/taltech/team24backend/controller/MoviesController.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.controller.MoviesController
a_theory/question6/sheep/Sheep.java
 a_theory.question6.sheep.Sheep
ee/taltech/team24backend/apiProcessing/PlotSummary.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.apiProcessing.PlotSummary
ee/taltech/team24backend/service/CommentService.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.service.CommentService
ee/taltech/team24backend/dto/authDto/RegisterDto.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.dto.authDto.RegisterDto
ee/taltech/team24backend/UsersApplicationInit.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.UsersApplicationInit
c_theory/question14/chairs/ChairsController.java
 c_theory.question14.chairs.ChairsController
ee/taltech/team24backend/apiProcessing/MovieApi.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.apiProcessing.MovieApi
a_theory/question6/chocolate/Chocolate.java
 a_theory.question6.chocolate.Chocolate
b_theory/question11/Nr1isS.java
 b_theory.question11.Nr1isS
 b_theory.question11.PayCalculator
 b_theory.question11.User
 b_theory.question11.UserServiceAfter
 b_theory.question11.UserServiceBefore
ee/taltech/team24backend/security/JwtTokenProvider.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.security.JwtTokenProvider
a_theory/question6/vineyard/Vineyard.java
 a_theory.question6.vineyard.Vineyard
ee/taltech/team24backend/security/ThisUserDetailsService.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.security.ThisUserDetailsService
ee/taltech/team24backend/repository/MovieRepository.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.repository.MovieRepository
a_theory/question5/ApplicationLayers.java
 a_theory.question5.ApplicationLayers
b_theory/question11/Nr4isI.java
 b_theory.question11.Cuboid
 b_theory.question11.Nr4isI
 b_theory.question11.ShapeAreaInterface
 b_theory.question11.ShapeInterface
 b_theory.question11.ShapeVolumeInterface
ee/taltech/team24backend/security/EnumRole.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.security.EnumRole
b_theory/question7/CI.java
 b_theory.question7.CI
b_theory/question9/Docker.java
 b_theory.question9.Docker
c_theory/question14/phones/Phone.java
 c_theory.question14.phones.Phone
ee/taltech/team24backend/apiProcessing/MovieId.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.apiProcessing.MovieId
c_theory/question12/Security.java
 c_theory.question12.Security
a_theory/question6/sheep/SheepFarm.java
 a_theory.question6.sheep.SheepFarm
b_theory/question11/Nr5isD.java
 b_theory.question11.Nr5isD
b_theory/question10/DBaaS.java
 b_theory.question10.DBaaS
a_theory/question6/art/Painting.java
 a_theory.question6.art.Painting
c_theory/question14/blogs/Author.java
 c_theory.question14.blogs.Author
ee/taltech/team24backend/controller/UserController.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.controller.UserController
c_theory/question14/chairs/Designer.java
 c_theory.question14.chairs.Designer
c_theory/question14/lessons/Students.java
 c_theory.question14.lessons.Students
ee/taltech/team24backend/security/ThisUser.java
 ee.taltech.team24backend.security.ThisUser
